Hey, good morning, family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today.
Well, the pope has died.
And everybody's like, "Well, Brandon, is this the pope that you saw standing next to the Antichrist?
" Folks, I saw a pope standing next to the Antichrist.
The pope that I saw was a white man.
He was not heavy-set like the pope that I saw.
And that's what was always conflicting to me with my wife and my son.
And I told them all the time, I said his face was very skinnier.
He did not look heavy-set like the pope that was always in the wheelchair.
And he was standing next to the Antichrist.
He wasn't sitting in a wheelchair.
So, was it this pope?
Obviously, it wasn't.
I hoped it was.
You know why?
Because I'm looking for the coming of my Savior.
I'm looking up because I know my redemption draws nigh because Jesus is coming.
If everybody's saying, "Well, it's the front-runner of the pope, that it looks like it could be a black man," if that's the case, then we have more time, in my opinion, by what I saw in the dream, July the 6th of 2014, and I saw everything as clear as what I could tell you.
Did I see their faces up close?
No.
I was standing down below at the abomination of desolation when I saw the pope and the Noah guy who I believe is Noah Harari was standing right here, and he was in a black outfit.
It looked like some other religion up there.
I don't know exactly who that was.
I'm assuming it's Noah Harari that everybody's saying, the Jewish man.
I still believe that MBS is the man that is the Antichrist.
If he winds up not being here, then you can say, "Brandon, you totally missed it.
" I've been more upfront and bold about who I believe the Antichrist is than anybody else.
Everybody wants to argue and say it's Obama, it's King Charles, and everything else.
But I'm still going to stand by that.
And if it ends up and he ends up passing away or something happens, then you can say, "Brandon, you flat missed that.
" But I never said it was Pope Francis.
I said, "It's the pope.
" The pope.
So, I don't want to be a prophetic man or a watchman or anybody that you all watch and say he's running away and trying to scapegoat it and say it's not this or that because I know there's a lot of that that's happened on YouTube.
And there's a lot of that that's happened on TV that people don't want to come out and address the elephant in the room.
Most people say, "Well, you don't need to address your haters, Brandon.
You just need to let them go, and who cares what they say?
" But I'm always transparent.
I always want to be transparent.
I do not want to come on here and try to fleece you all or lead you wrong or say something that you know is way off in left field.
If I'm wrong, I'm going to always address it.
And you know what?
I do my best.
I truly do.
I'm a work in progress just like anybody else.
But I'm not here to make excuses and sit here and say this is what I saw or this is what I didn't see.
I saw a pope standing next to the Antichrist, and I'm just telling you this because I've never made that public: his face was skinnier, he did not look heavy-set, and the man was white.
He was a white man.
He was not African-American.
He was not Asian.
He was a white man.
On this side of him, I believe I saw the pope.
Okay, please don't throw eggs at me.
I'm just telling you what I felt like I saw.
Okay, it looked like the pope, this man over here, because he was dressed in all white like that, and he had that little thing on his head.
So, you know, I'm standing down here at the base of the temple with Jesus, and we're—I'm looking up towards the temple, which is like up here, and I can see it, but I'm down here.
I'm going to go back to what I said at the beginning of the year, that the Lord said He was cleaning house, that judgment begins in the house of the Lord first, and that you would see people in great positions of authority in the church pass away and go on.
Did I see the pope going?
No, I did not.
I saw key figures.
The Lord just said as the body of Christ goes, it would be a major cleansing of the house of big key leaders, and that God was going to raise up new leaders in the church.
So when I saw Satan, when I told you all I saw the devil, when I told you the lease was up, I saw him slithering like a snake, and he went to the pope—the pope that we see right now that just passed away.
I saw his face, and the devil was talking to the pope that we see right now.
That man is gone now.
So, the devil—I don't know what all that was about, but I did see that.
So, I'm just being—like I said, I'm being transparent.
I saw Satan slither like a snake and go over to Rome and the Vatican right now as we speak.
And he was talking to that pope.
So what that was all about, I don't know.
Why did he talk to him?
He's dead now.
I don't know.
I'm just being real.
And so we see that thing When that happened.
So, who will come and fulfill that next position of the pope?
Who will come and do that?
I don't know.
We pray—I pray honestly that it's a godly person.
I pray that it's a person that's on fire for the Lord, has conservative views for the Catholic Church.
We don't want a liberal, evil pope in there that goes and says all the things that this last one said.
I mean, he stood for some very divisive things.
So, you know, because I have a lot of Catholic people on this channel and they love the Lord.
But I'm just telling you all, a pope was standing next to the Antichrist.
He had the white-looking head on, the white garb, and he was standing there next to a man that was dressed in solid black.
The Antichrist was dressed in white.
The pope was dressed in white.
And the other man on this side was dressed in black and had a black hat on with black things going down his sides.
I don't know who the man was.
I'm thinking it's Noah because everybody's telling me they believe it's Noah, but I'll go with that.
I believe it could be Noah, too.
I don't know.
Noah who?
Noah Harari is who everybody says.
But I believe it's a man of a different religion.
Okay.
So, I'm just being real with y'all.
I don't want to come on here and, like I said, make up excuses because I am always just real, and if you want to leave, leave.
I don't care about people saying, 'Hey, you know, I'm out of here,' or whatever.
Bye.
I'm going to keep praying.
I'm going to keep doing this channel and seeing what the Lord has to say.
I believe, and my family believes, we heard the Lord and I saw what I saw, and you see the chips.
We see the drones.
Like I said, in 2014, we didn't see any of that stuff.
We see the stuff going on with the economy right now.
We see what President Trump is saying on the news.
There's a lot of good track record.
But yeah, if you want to say it was Pope Francis that has gone home, I'm disappointed because I really pray that we're that close.
So, something else I think is really, really cool.
I told you all that the mark of the beast would be a Neuralink-type of technology.
I said I don't know, I do not believe directly that it is Neuralink.
I said, but somebody will come up with a chip that is similar to Neuralink that will be a very small-looking thing that they will inject in you.
Okay, but it will be like a neural link.
Three new—altogether three companies: Neuralink and then Precision Neuroscience.
Look it up.
Synchron—all three companies are doing a Neuralink-type technology.
Guess who is part of one of the major companies?
Jeff Bezos and Bill Gates are funding the whole—Synchron, I believe, is who's running that chip company, is Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos.
So, very interesting.
They're trying to compete with Neuralink, and they say they're going to be able to do all this stuff.
So, two people that I do not trust at all, especially Bill Gates, running a chip company.
And I know inside of myself, I'm going to be that bold about it: this will be the beginning of the mark of the beast system with the brain alteration.
And so, we have two more companies.
They have been approved by the FDA to start doing human trials, from what I understand.
When I found out they have two more companies joining up to compete with Neuralink with Elon Musk, I thought, 'Oh my goodness.
' So, we see the ball is rolling.
It's not rolling as fast as some of us would like, but the ball is rolling.
Some of us wish Jesus Christ would come back today.
I want him so badly to come back for us.
But at least we're seeing progression.
And as the years go by, the time is getting shorter and shorter.
Jesus is coming, folks.
God bless you all.
And I ask you, if you want to stick around, please subscribe.
Click the notification bell and the like button.
You can also comment down below.
Let me have it if you want.
I don't care.
Just say what you want to say, but get it out of your system so you can move on for whatever you feel you need to say.
God bless you all, and we will see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.